# Manutax

Manutax Tokenized Real Estate Platform


contract Source Code: https://etherscan.io/address/0x63d913bc93582e4271af50b0113da3e5884fb813



Manutax is the real estate tokenized asset platform which allows any property to be tokenized and retailed to investors in smaller units. This means that even an investor with the smallest amount of money can buy into a portion of a property, be it commercial or residential. The advantage of the Manutax token asset is that it provides more liquidity to home owners in that trading of the token allows for value to be transferred by anyone who owns the MUX token, in the locus of a liquid trading market. The Manutax platform also provides a lower barrier of entry for investors to participate in the housing market. It is worthy of note that the Manutax token, MUX is backed by real estate and hence can demonstrate actual real value using the backbone of real estate assets that is on its network . For any new property to be added to the Manutax platform, a thorough evaluation of its suitability will be carried out, including comparative valuation and location parameters.  Manutax shall engage professional real estate firms to perform comprehensive audit of the asset in question in order to provide a holistic understanding of its relevance  and suitability. Blockchain technology will ensure that this process is transparent, devoid of middlemen and brokers who add to the cost of doing business. The advantage of investing in the MUX token is that all assets that are tokenized are covered by insurance. Hence, any claim is fully protected by risks underwriters of repute who act as security to any eventuality associated with any property on the Manutax system. Because the MUX token supply is fixed at creation, all investors can get an upside to their investment with the capital appreciation of the MUX token. This token shall be traded on major crypto exchanges to enable every holder to realize fiat value for their investment.    


MANUTAX TOKEN, MUX

This is where the critical component of this structure comes into play. The MUX tokenized asset is able to provide higher and better liquidity compared to the public Real Estate Investment Trust. Besides the buy-and-hold properties of typical REIT, the real estate tokenized MUX will also hold developmental properties without the demand for high down payment investment stake. Hence, investors will be able to own something like a piece of the new World Trade Centre or the Rockefeller Centre for projects at the conceptual stage.  Real estate valuers will be an important component of the Manutax system in  becoming the exchange trade analyst, much like equity analyst, in that the market value of any property will be easily accessible through transparent trade data on public exchanges through professional valuation conducted by reputable real estate companies. Also, instead of taking out traditional mortgages, the Manutax platform will enable home owners to take out mortgage by receiving MUX tokens against their properties, and on a monthly basis pay their MUX tokenized mortgage using the Manutax MUX network to a group of token owners on the property in question. The MUX token will enable deeper market, meaning more participants and more trade since markets are international and the tokens are highly divisible. The global Real estate market is estimated at USd221trillion. The MUX token will become enshrined within the ever expanding crypto assets market, bringing a portion of this market value to investors thereby allowing for cross exchange liquidity and expanding the market capitalization of cryptocurrencies. 


BLOCKCHAIN SECURED REAL ESTATE RECORDS

The decentralized and open distributed ledger of the blockchain technology provides a trusless system for confirmation of transaction and for immutable  record keeping for public use. In the Manutax platform, property titles and ownership records will be clearly seen on the blockchain, and the value of this commercial and residential real estate will be represented on trading exchanges by the MUX token. Digital wallet address will be utilized for the establishment of legal status and financial position of each property. This information will be available to be freely circulated across all online platforms and will be at the disposal of everyone who wants to make an investment decision on any property, or even use it for comparative evaluation of similar property in different locations across the globe.


